Review of con279s1 by Reviewer 1 	top
Originality
	There is still a contribution in linking the two fields (Genetic Algorithms and Archeology) but I feel the authors ought to make the link more explicit.

Impact
I am not sure how to judge the power-law fits and differences between this paper and the rest of the literature cited, but as an economics model there are a lot of avenues for expansion.
    For example, what happens if there are two populations with distinct tastes (and separate replicators)? How reactive are prices to shifts in production/needs? (innovation will become useful to remedy the lack of genetic diversity needed to deal with shifts)
			jm : put in ccl
    If replication and imitation were to happen on a social network rather than at random, how much slower would the the correct prices emerge?
			jm : put in ccl


Please explain in detail your evaluation of the paper.
    1) Power-law should be tested through Clauset methods: 
    http://arxiv.org/abs/0706.1062
    Or at least the authors should explain why they weren't used
			Simon faire les test. stats en cour
    2) It is unclear what of the model is the "variant" that gets plotted in the power-law plots. Is it value vector? 
			Simon + power law : rajouté dans la section 4.2
    3) Is there any consumption in the paper? There is no mention anywhere but it must be present or trivially at some point everybody will reach the highest fitness 
			JM a reformuler?
			ca manquait, ajouté à la description
    4) How dependent are the results to the fact that the score is capped at 1 (that is, over consumption has no utility)? 
			Simon verifier veracité
    5) Is it always assumed that the amount produced equal the amount needed each day? 
			JM ccl



Review of con279s1 by Reviewer 2 	top
Please explain in detail your evaluation of the paper.
    In the Introduction, it would be nice to have a more complete definition of what "bias" means. 
			JM : proposition d'une nouvelle phrase, à vérifier par xavi
    Framework description: are the 'values' in the V^i vector measured in "per-unit" value? 
			JM : modifié
    In the "cultural transmission" process, it says that agent i "copies the value vector" of an agent j where i≠j. Does it really copy the entire vector, or just one component? 
			JM : rajouté "entire"
    In Algorithm 1, what does "#Pop/#Goods" mean? 
			JM : nettoyé algo
    You say that "a power law distribution is characterized by a small number of very frequent traits and a large number of very rare traits." This is true, but it's also true for (say) exponential distributions. The important thing about power law distributions is that the very rare traits AREN'T quite so rare, when compared with exponential; i.e., the tails are fat. 
			JM change the sentence
    Explain this more fully: "In practice, the worst two percent of the agents will copy the prices of the best two percent." How does this work? 
			Simon faire l'algo A peaufiner
			Integration algo prete
    When testing the neutral model (or any of your models) it seems important to test with more than 1 good. If you only have a single good, it seems that could be a degenerate case with atypical results. The last paragraph of 4.1 indicates that you have conducted such experiments -- I would prefer those results to be reported instead of the one-good trials reported in the paper. 
			Simon faire expe pour calculer alpha pour (1) (3 6 9) en cour 
			JM : integration prete
    How do you know that the curves in Figure 2 are truly good fits for power law distributions? Have you validated this? Perhaps they are lognormal, or negative exponential instead? See, for instance, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Power_law#Validating_power_laws 
			cf ci-dessus
    You state that the reason Figure 3 shows Trade model deviating from Neutral model is that the trade model includes the Innovation process. Why not turn off the Innovation process, and test only the Trade model, to verify this supposition? 
			Simon Ajouter graph avec Trade with neutral innovation. Done
			JM : texte et espace pour la figure pret


    Stylistic:
    "one of the implemented model" => "models"
    "are more transmitted" => "are transmitted more readily"
    "trait do not" => "trait does not"
    "is is known" => "it is known"
    "record allow" => "record allows"
    "dependance" => "dependence"
    "process emerge" => "process emerges"
    "depending of" => "depending on"
    "basics processes" => "basic processes"
    "concerned by the trade" -- this isn't the phrase you want. Perhaps "involved in the trade"?
    "number of time" => "number of times"
    "agent i own" => "agent i owns"
    "insure" => "ensure"
    "closer from a line" => "closer to a line"
